# Nordics Daily Sales Data
Nordics Daily Sales Data consolidation from vendor portals and emails followed by mapping to SKU class data.

The objective of the project was to automate and schedule the process of obtaining pharmaceutical sales data on a daily and weekly basis from various vendors such as Tamro, Pharmaview and IQVIA for the Nordics region (included data from Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Norway) freeing up valuable analyst hours.

Some of this data came in the form of emails from certain vendors, while for other vendors one was required to login to web portals and download the excel files post inputting requisite details. Since each of these vendors had custom formats, the data needed to be consolidated and standardised, following which certain calculations were performed and the data was mapped to specific tables in order to perform tasks such as flagging certain skus shipped to particular clients, appending county/district level information to sales entries, etc. This consolidated file was then uploaded to the clients SFTP server for further processing which finally concluded with addition of these sales to a centralised database and generation of a tableau dashboard to visualise the same.

We utilised libraries such as selenium and pandas for web automation and for obtaining and manipulating vendor files. The python scripts pickup login credentials, file paths and other required information from an excel sheet named Required Process Parameters, they then proceed to login to the different portals and download the files to their respective folders housed in a folder named Daily. We also deployed vba scripts within the outlook app which keep listening for the vendor emails and download the files into the sub folders in the Daily folder. All these scripts are triggered at fixed times during the day/week by windows task scheduler and the entire setup remains online on one of the client's servers.

Once all files are downloaded, the data in each of these files is treated, standardised, mapped and consolidated. Finally when the entire process has run the Daily folder is renamed according to the date and time of the run and a new Daily folder is created. The FileConsolidation sheet is uploaded to the SFTP server.
